What is your current passion project?
Do you have any hobbies?
How do you like to spend your free time?
What kind of music are you into?
Do you have any pets?
What's your claim to fame?
Who is one of your favorite celebrity role models?
What is your dream job?
How did you find out about [current place/event]?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What skill would you like to master?
What do you like to learn about?
What has been the highlight of this past week?
What has been the highlight of your year?
Have you read any intriguing books lately?
What's your current favorite TV show/movie?
Do you have any nicknames?
What is your favorite place you've traveled to?
Where did you grow up?
How long have you lived in [city]?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite sport?
Where is your favorite restaurant around here?
How do you take your coffee or tea?
If you could be any type of dog, what breed would you be and why?
What is something you've always wanted to learn?
What is your biggest regret?
If you could trade places with anyone for a week, who would it be?
What fictional character do you most relate to?
What do you daydream about?
What is your proudest accomplishment?
What is your astrological sign?
What motivates you to work hard?
If money were no object, how would you spend your time?
Who is your favorite author?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
Do you collect anything?
Do you see the glass as half-full or half-empty?
What is your favorite movie of all time?
What is one thing you will never do again?
Did you play any sports growing up?
What is the weirdest hobby you've tried?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
What is something you've always wanted to do but haven't tried yet?
Do you enjoy your alone time?
Would you consider yourself an introvert or an extrovert?
What qualities do you look for in a friend?
What's your favorite way to spend time with your family?
What is the most relaxing part of your day?
Do you have any siblings?
Are you the youngest, middle, or oldest child?
What was your favorite age of childhood?
What is your favorite way to unwind?
What causes are you passionate about?
What are you most excited about right now?
Have you ever had a surprise party?
Which of your five senses would you say is the strongest?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
Are you related to anyone famous?
Does your family have a "motto"?
What is your mantra?
Do you believe in the power of manifestation?
What is one thing you tried that you'll never do again?
What was your first job?
What is the most exciting thing you can see out your kitchen window?
What would your dream house look like?
What is the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?
What is the most helpful thing you own?
If your younger self could meet you as an adult, what would they be most impressed by?
What is at the top of your bucket list?
If you had one month to live, what would you do?
Are you a cat or a dog person?
What do you think is the most essential professional skill?
What do you think is the most essential life skill?
What job would you be terrible at?
What was the worst job you ever had?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
Do you like to read or listen to audiobooks?
What do you look forward to every day?
Do you have any daily or weekly rituals?
Do you think self-care is important?
If you could look into a crystal ball to see the future, would you want to do it?
Where do you see yourself living when you retire?
What's the most beautiful place you've ever seen in person?
Do you prefer a beach or mountain vacation?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
What is your favorite season?
Where is your favorite coffee shop?
What is one brand that you identify with?
If you could start a charity, what would it be?
What is the best part of your day?
Do you like cities or rural areas better?
If you could re-live any decade of your life, which one would you re-do?
If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
Do you eat or drink soup?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
What is the best gift you have ever received?
If you were a superhero, what powers would you want to have?
What is your favorite animal?
What's your favorite family recipe?
Do you like rollercoasters?
Who would play you in a movie about your life?
What song reminds you of high school?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
If you could meet up with any celebrity for coffee, who would you choose?
If you were the ruler of your own country, what would be the first law you'd put into place?
Have you ever eaten a bug?
How would you survive a zombie apocalypse?
What's your favorite ice cream topping?
What is your favorite holiday?
If you could be any tree, what kind would you be and why?
Do you have a favorite type of exercise?
Would you instead cook at home or order in?
Which phone app do you use the most?
Have you ever disliked something and then changed your mind?
What is your most prized possession?
Have you ever had a celebrity crush?
Are you an organ donor on your driver's license?
Do you believe in ghosts? Why or why not?
Are you good at solving puzzles?
Do you think you can be friends with your colleagues?
Do you sing in the shower?
How many hours early do you show up at the airport before a flight?
If you had a yacht, what would you name it?
Can you say your ABCs backwards?
Are you double jointed?
Do you step on the cracks in the sidewalk or step over them?
Do you ever dance like nobody is watching?
What is the first thing you do in the morning?
What is the last thing you do at night?
What is the most unusual place you've ever slept in?
What would be the title of your memoir?
If you had unlimited money to start a business, what would it be?
If you had the opportunity to be immortal, would you take it?
Which famous historical person would you want to spend the day with?
What is your favorite article of clothing?
Do you think good people can do bad things?
Do you think bad people can do good things?
What is the first step you take to achieve a goal?
Have you ever been in a food fight?
Do you like cheese or butter more?
What rules do you mean to break?
How many times a day do you brush your hair?
Have you ever ridden a horse? Did you like it?
How would you react if an alligator arrived at your door?
What do you do when nobody is watching?
Do you count your missed calls?
How often do you say "thank you" or "I'm sorry" in a day?
Are you good at remembering things on the spot?
What is your quirkiest hidden quality?
Which outfit in your closet have you worn more than any other?
When was the last time you screamed at somebody?
What's your favorite road trip you've ever taken?
Do you own a pair of cowboy boots?
If you could have eyes in the back of your head, would you?
Have you ever forgotten your wallet while paying for something?
If you only had 5 minutes in a grocery store, what would you buy?
If you got stranded on a desert island with only 3 items, what would they be?
Who knows you best?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
What makes you feel unstoppable?
What is your biggest fear?
Who is the smartest person you know?
What is your favorite family holiday tradition?
What is the essential quality in a romantic relationship?
How long was your longest committed relationship?
If you could go back and change one thing about your past, what would it be?
Which is more important – beauty, power, or money?
Do you think people are mostly good or mostly evil? Why?
Where do you go when you need fresh inspiration?
What's your philosophy on life?
Do you like diving into the deep end or easing your way into the water? (literally or figuratively)?
What life-changing events have you experienced?
What's one thing you would change about yourself?
Have you ever had a moment of deja vu?
What legacy do you want to leave on Earth once you're gone?
What gives you hope?
Have you ever had your heart broken?
Have you ever broken someone's heart?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
If you could time travel, would you go to the past or the future?
What words of wisdom would you pass down to your younger self?
What's your go-to guilty pleasure?
How do you show kindness to others?
Have you heard of "love languages"? What is your main one?
What is your definition of success?
What is a relationship dealbreaker for you?
How would you title this chapter of your life?
If you only had one month left to live, how would you spend it?
What is the best advice someone has ever given you?
What makes you feel alive?
Do you typically follow your heart or your head?
What are you most grateful for in your life?
Do you have a best friend?
How do you overcome personal setbacks?
Is it easy for you to accept help when you need it?
Do you think dreams have hidden meanings? Why or why not?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
How do you define beauty?
Do you think brains or looks are more attractive?
What do you think happens after death?
What is your most irrational fear?
Do you believe in second chances?
If you could snap your fingers and make the world a better place, what would you do?
What you rather someone be honest and hurt your feelings or lie to protect them?
How can someone lose your trust?
What personality traits are you most proud of?
What inspired you to choose your current career path?
If you could switch careers without any risk, what would you choose?
What does your dream job look like?
How do you define success in your career?
What are your long-term career goals?
What skills do you wish to develop in your professional life?
Who in your field do you admire most and why?
What's one professional achievement you're most proud of?
How do you balance work and personal life?
What's the best career advice you've ever received?
If you could start your own business, what would it be?
What's a typical day like in your job?
How do you handle work-related stress?
What's the most challenging aspect of your job?
What are your essential tools or resources for work?
How do you stay motivated in your career?
What's a professional skill you're currently working on?
What was your first job, and what did it teach you?
How do you approach making difficult decisions at work?
What's a significant trend you see in your industry?
How do you stay updated with industry news and advancements?
What's your approach to networking and building professional relationships?
Have you ever had a mentor, and how did they impact your career?
What's one thing you would change about your current job?
How do you prioritize tasks in a busy work schedule?
What's the best part of your workday?
Have you ever turned a hobby into a professional opportunity?
What's a critical lesson you've learned in your professional life?
How do you approach learning new skills or technologies?
What does work-life balance mean to you?
In what ways do you think your career will change in the next ten years?
What's the most rewarding project you've worked on?
How do you deal with failure or setbacks in your career?
What's a piece of technology that has significantly impacted your work?
What does leadership mean to you?
How do you approach collaboration in the workplace?
What's a common misconception about your job?
What are some challenges facing your industry today?
How do you stay inspired and creative in your work?
What's the most important trait someone should have in your field?
How do you measure success in your projects or tasks?
What role does teamwork play in your profession?
How do you prepare for a big presentation or meeting?
What's a career goal you're currently working towards?
How do you handle criticism or feedback at work?
What's a significant change you've seen in your industry over the years?
How do you ensure continuous professional development?
What's one skill you believe everyone should have in the workplace?
How do you handle conflicts or disagreements at work?
What advice would you give to someone just starting in your field?
If you could play one song every time you walked into a room, what would it be?
Why is sandwich meat round when bread is square?
Who is the fifth person on your missed calls?
If animals could talk, which species would be the nicest?
What's your most hated form of transportation?
Have you ever dreamed of going to another planet?
Which superpower would you never want to have?
What do you think about when you're on the toilet?
How do birds pee?
Do you think someone could live forever?
How many pairs of pants do you own?
What is the highest number you've ever counted?
Do you ever lower the music volume when you're looking for an address?
What question do people ask you that you dislike?
If a bald person works in a restaurant, do you think they still need to wear a hairnet?
What is your favorite sleeping position?
What have you forgotten today?
Do you think you would be friends with a clone of yourself?
When did time begin?
Did you ever eat Play-Doh as a kid?
What is the weirdest text message you've ever gotten?
If you had a date with someone in this room right now, who would be the most uncomfortable person to go with?
Do you think you're a good kisser?
What's your favorite body part?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
If you could wake up tomorrow with one physical change, what would it be?
When was the last time you sang to yourself?
Is a hotdog a sandwich?
What part of a kid's movie completely scarred you for life?
What kind of secret society would you start?
What is the weirdest smell you've ever smelled?
What is invisible but you wish people could see?
Which body part do you wish you could detach and why?
What is the weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?
What would it take to gross you out on a date completely?
If life were a video game, what would be your favorite cheat code?
What's the worst name for an amusement park?
If police arrested you with no explanation, what would your friends and family assume you had done?
If you were a mad scientist, what experiment would you run?
If you could own any mythical creature (unicorn, phoenix, etc.), which one would you want?
What you rather have, a dirty house or a dirty car?
How many times do you think you lie in a day?
Have you ever tried to eat an ant or a worm?
Who is your partner in crime?
Would you talk to a random person in a movie theater?
Which is creepier – walking up on someone unexpectedly behind or staring at them through binoculars?
Do you check yourself out in the windows when you pass?
How many times do you change clothes in a day?
What music video can you watch over and over again without getting bored?
What's the weirdest thing you secretly do daily?
What's worse – no hair or no teeth?
What's the most disgusting food you've ever eaten?
If someone looked through your internet search history, what would be the weirdest inquiry they'd find?
What's your favorite corny joke?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking you know them, only to realize they are the wrong person?
What's the best Wi-Fi network name you've seen?
What is a song you pretend you don't like because it's embarrassing that you love it?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
What's your dumbest dance move?
Have you ever tried to look cool in front of someone and failed?
What's the strangest thing you've seen someone do in public?
When was the last time you had a big fail moment?
If you could live anywhere in the world but had to stay naked all the time, where would you choose?
What voice accent impersonations can you do (British, Australian, country, etc.)?
Have you ever tripped or fallen in front of a vast crowd?
If you could have one useless superpower, what would it be?
Which sport would be funniest if it had mandatory alcohol?
What's the silliest way you've accidentally injured yourself?
What's the most awkward first date you've ever been on?
What's your favorite white elephant gift?
What is something trendy now that people will be embarrassed about in 5 years?
Where is the worst smelling place you've ever been?
What is the most useless talent you have?
If you got banned from the library, what would be the reason behind it?
Do you think penguins have knees?
Why is it called lipstick if it doesn't stick your lips together?
What would be the worst bio for a dating app?
Why is it called "taking a dump"? Shouldn't it be called "leaving a dump?"
What is the most embarrassing thing you've ever said on a date?
How do you want to die?
If you could be any comedian or celebrity, who would you be?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done on a night out?
What is the goofiest or weirdest thing you did as a kid?
What is the strangest purchase you've ever made?
What would people call the sitcom of our friendship?
What is your most obnoxious laugh?
What is the funniest nickname that somebody has given you?
What's a rule that you make everyone follow in your house?
Is it weird for an adult to sleep with a stuffed animal?
What was the last thing you searched on Google?
If you could do karaoke with any famous person for a day, who would it be?
What do you do when you pull up next to someone at a stoplight and see them jamming out to music?
Do you pick your nose?
What is the most ridiculous outfit you've ever worn?
What is the funniest Halloween costume you've ever seen?
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
What would you do with 15 minutes of fame?
What conspiracy theory do you think might be true?
If you could charge a million dollars for a service, what would it be?
What's the most ridiculous lie someone has ever told you to your face?
If you could make a TV show about your best friend's life, what would you call it?
Can you describe the craziest person you've ever met?
Have you ever eaten food on the ground?
What is your favorite slang?
If you had to wear a swimsuit or a business suit for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
If you had to choose between your eyebrows or eyelashes, which would you keep?
What is worse during a kiss? Sneezing or burping?
Have you ever farted in a yoga class?
What's the easiest way to make you laugh?
Are you ticklish?
If you publicly trip and fall, do you laugh it off or just keep walking?
Can you touch your nose with your tongue?
Which fairy tales do you find the most outrageous?
How would you describe your face if you could only use vegetables for reference?
What one normal thing becomes weird if you do it more than once?
What is the most awkward question someone has ever asked you?
How many animal sounds can you make?
What is the most annoying song you've ever heard?
How did you all meet?
What do you do for a living?
What is your favorite thing on the menu?
Where do you come from?
Who is the friendliest of this group?
Who is the most likely to protect everyone in a zombie apocalypse?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Where is your happy place?
What's your favorite thing to do to celebrate your birthday?
What's your favorite board game?
What is your favorite thing about your hometown?
What's your idea of a perfect day?
What is your favorite topic to ask people about?
Why is pineapple on pizza so controversial?
What would people call your superhero group?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What is your favorite sports team?
Do you like social media? Why or why not?
What is the cringiest video you've seen lately?
At a party, where are you most likely to be found?
What is the best concert you've ever been to?
Who are some of your favorite actors or actresses?
Who do you know that is most likely to be famous?
If you could go back to any time in history, what period would you choose?
If you could live inside a movie or book, which would you choose?
Do you hit the snooze button or wake up immediately?
What is one of your secret talents?
Do you believe in astrology?
Before making a phone call, do you rehearse what you're going to say?
Do you check your horoscope?
Do you believe in aliens?
Do you have any phobias?
Do you like designer brand clothes?
Is Starbucks worth the money?
Do you like Thai food?
Do you believe you should do one thing every day that scares you?
Do you have any secret talents?
Have you ever broken the law?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Do you have your wisdom teeth?
Do you believe in conspiracy theories?
Have you ever had a lucid dream?
Have you ever sung in front of a crowd?
Are you afraid of heights?
Have you ever fainted?
Have you ever held a snake?
Do you have any irrational fears?
Are you claustrophobic?
Have you ever had a near-death experience?
Have you ever thrown up in public?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Do you like horror movies?
Have you ever gotten lost in the wilderness?
Have you ever had sleep paralysis?
Do you use social media?
Do you follow trends?
Do you ever binge-watch Netflix?
Have you ever met a celebrity?
Do you regularly watch sports?
Are you "extra"?
Have you ever been a vegan or vegetarian?
Do you respond to texts quickly?
Do you have a YouTube channel?
Are you into nice cars?
Have you ever been on TV?
Have you ever skippers school?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Do you procrastinate?
Can you be peer pressured?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
Can you write in cursive?
Were you a rebellious kid?
Were your parents strict?
Did you ever sneak out of your house when growing up?
Have you ever been in a fight?
Do you think picking up lines works?
Have you ever kept a journal?
Do you pay attention to the news?
Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?
Do you live alone?
Is it possible to stay friends with an ex?
Are you into podcasts?
Do you like going to the movies?
Do you use your phone first thing in the morning?
Do you regularly watch TV?
Do you ever talk to yourself in your head?
Have you ever had deja vu?
Do you like chocolate?
Do you own bitcoin?
Do you like talking to strangers?
Would you like to be famous?
Do you like pina coladas?
Do you faint easily?
Have you ever held a monkey?
Are you afraid of snakes?
Do you call all dogs "puppies"?
Have you ever worn underwear two days in a row?
Do you ever talk to yourself?
Do you talk to animals?
Have you ever seen a UFO?
Do you like chocolate milkshakes?
Do you believe in Bigfoot?
Do you know how to swim?
Are you a good singer?
Do you consider yourself a good dancer?
Can you speak any other languages?
Did you believe in Santa as a kid?
Do you think PDA is annoying?
Do you have any trophies or awards you've won?
Can you play chess?
Have you traveled internationally?
If you could become a robot partly, would you try it out?
Do you like to wear hats?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Have you ever cut your hair?
Were you a "cool kid" in high school?
Do you know your personality type?
What was your favorite moment thus far today?
What brings you in a good mood?
Describe to a 6-year old what you do in life?
What are 3 words that describe you best?
What always makes you smile?
How do you contribute to a better society?
What are the 3 most important aspects to support your lifestyle?
When you were little, what did you think you were going to be?
How do you feel about taking risk?
What's your most (un)healthy habit?
If there is anything you would do differently in your life, what would it be?
Who would you like to have dinner with tonight (could be anyone, dead or alive)?
What genre of book/movie has the most impact on you?
Which music genre do you listen to the most?
What's the nicest compliment you've ever received? From who?
What advice would you give your 20-year old self?
What is one life lesson that you think everyone should know?
What's your biggest fear that you've overcome?
What was the most dangerous situation you've been in?
What's the most unbelievable thing that's ever happened to you?
Where would you live if you had no ties to any specific place?
What is one thing you want to accomplish in your lifetime and why is this important to you?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What was the last book that you read?
What have you never done before?
What time did you wake up this morning?
What was the first thing you did this morning?
What was the best gift you've ever received?
When was the last time you said "I love you" to someone other than your partner?
What did you love doing as a child that you don't do anymore?
What gets you excited about life?
What life lesson did you learn the hard way?
What do you wish you spent more time doing five years ago?
Do you ask enough questions or do you settle for what you know?
Who do you love and what are you doing about it?
What's a belief that you hold with which many people disagree?
What can you do today that you were not capable of a year ago?
Do you think crying is a sign of weakness or strength?
What was your last dream about?
How do you relax yourself when stressed out?
How do you unlock your creativity?
What is your favorite meal of the day?
Where was the last place you've visited?
What do you do when you have to wait (e.g. at the doctors)?
Which TV show are you following right now?
How often do you talk to strangers?
What was the last picture you took?
What's your favorite drink?
If money wasn't an issue, how would that make your life different?
Have you ever done something competitively?
Who do you ask for advice when you have to make a difficult decision?
What's your favorite thing you have at home?
What's your favorite way to travel?
What do you want to do before you die?
When was the last time you tried something new?
Who do you sometimes compare yourself to?
What's the most sensible thing you've ever heard someone say?
What would you do differently if you knew nobody would judge you?
Do you celebrate the things you do have?
What is the difference between living and existing?
If not now, then when?
Have you done anything lately worth remembering?
What does your joy look like today?
Is it possible to lie without saying a word?
If you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way that you sometimes speak to yourself, how long would you allow this person to be your friend?
Which activities make you lose track of time?
What things hold you back from doing what you really want to do?
If you had to teach something, what would you teach?
What would you regret not fully doing, being or having in your life?
Are you holding onto something that you need to let go of?
When you are 80-years-old, what will matter to you the most?
When is it time to stop calculating risk and rewards and just do what you know is right?
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
Would you break the law to save a loved one?
What makes you smile?
When it's all said and done, will you have said more than you've done?
If you had the opportunity to get a message across to a large group of people, what would your message be?
If the average human lifespan was 40 years, how would you live your life differently?
What do we all have in common besides our genes that makes us human?
If you could choose one book as a mandatory read for all high school students, which book would you choose?
Would you rather have less work or more work you actually enjoy doing?
What is important enough to go to war over?
Which is worse, failing or never trying?
When was the last time you listened to the sound of your own breathing?
What's something you know you do differently than most people?
What does 'The American Dream' mean to you?
Would you rather be a worried genius or a joyful simpleton?
If you could instill one piece of advice in a newborn baby's mind, what advice would you give?
What is the most desirable trait another person can possess?
What are you most grateful for?
Is stealing to feed a starving child wrong?
What is one thing that really scares you?
What do you want most?
Are you more worried about doing things right, or doing the right things?
What has life taught you recently?
What is the one thing you would most like to change about the world?
Where do you find inspiration?
Can you describe your life in a six-word sentence?
If we learn from our mistakes, why are we always so afraid to make a mistake?
What impact do you want to leave on the world?
What is the most defining moment of your life thus far?
In the haste of your daily life, what are you not seeing?
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don't like and like so many things we don't do?
What lifts your spirits when life gets you down?
Have you ever regretted something you did not say or do?
Has your greatest fear ever come true?
Why do we think of others the most when they're gone?
What is your most beloved childhood memory?
Is it more important to love or be loved?
If it all came back around to you, would it help you or hurt you?
If you had the chance to go back in time and change one thing, would you do it?
If a doctor gave you five years to live, what would you try to accomplish?
What is the difference between falling in love and being in love?
Who do you think stands between you and happiness?
What is the difference between innocence and ignorance?
What is the simplest truth you can express in words?
What gives your life meaning?
Can there be happiness without sadness? Pleasure without pain? Peace without war?
What's the one thing you'd like others to remember about you at the end of your life?
Is there such a thing as perfect?
To what degree have you actually controlled the course your life has taken?
What does it mean to be human?
If you looked into the heart of your enemy, what do you think you would find that is different from what is in your own heart?
What do you love most about yourself?
Where would you most like to go and why?
Is it more important to do what you love or to love what you are doing?
What do you imagine yourself doing ten years from now?
What small act of kindness were you once shown that you will never forget?
What is your happiest childhood memory? What makes it so special?
Do you own your things or do your things own you?
Would you rather lose all of your old memories or never be able to make new ones?
How do you deal with someone in a position of power who wants you to fail?
What do you have that you cannot live without?
When you close your eyes what do you see?
What sustains you on a daily basis?
What are your top five personal values?
Why must you love someone enough to let them go?
Do you ever celebrate the green lights?
What personal prisons have you built out of fears?
What one thing have you not done that you really want to do?
Why are you, you?
If you haven't achieved it yet, what do you have to lose?
What three words would you use to describe the last three months of your life?
Is it ever right to do the wrong thing? Is it ever wrong to do the right thing?
How would you describe 'freedom' in your own words?
What is the most important thing you could do right now in your personal life?
If you could ask one person, alive or dead, only one question, who would you ask and what would you ask?
If happiness was the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich?
What is your number one goal for the next six months?
Would you ever give up your life to save someone else?
What one superpower would you most like to have? How would you use that power?
Are you happy with yourself?
What is the meaning of 'peace' to you?
What are three moral rules you will never break?
What does it mean to allow another person to truly love you?
Who or what do you think of when you think of love?
If your life was a novel, what would be the title and how would your story end?
What would you not give up for $1,000,000 in cash?
When do you feel most like yourself?
When you help someone do you ever think, "What's in it for me?"
What is your greatest challenge?
How is God working in your life these days?
How do you know when it's time to continue holding on or time to let go?
How do you define success?
If someone could tell you the exact day and time you are going to die, would you want them to tell you?
If I could grant you one wish, what would you wish for?
What have you read online recently that inspired you?
Why do religions that advocate unity divide the human race?
If you could live one day of your life over again, what day would you choose?
What can money not buy?
If you left this life tomorrow, how would you be remembered?
Beyond the titles that others have given you, who are you?
If you could live the next 24 hours and then erase it and start over just once, what would you do?
Is it possible to know the truth without challenging it first?
What word best describes the way you've spent the last month of your life?
What makes everyone smile?
What do you owe yourself?
What would your 'priceless' Mastercard-style commercial be?
Can you think of a time when impossible became possible?
Why do you matter?
How have you changed in the last five years?
What are you sure of in your life?
When you think of 'home,' what, specifically, do you think of?
What's the difference between settling for things and accepting the way things are?
How many of your friends would you trust with your life?
What's your definition of heaven?
How would you describe yourself in one sentence?
What stands between you and happiness?
Is there ever a time when giving up makes sense?
How do you find the strength to do what you know in your heart is right?
Where do you find peace?
What would you do if you made a mistake and somebody died?
Who do you trust and why?
If you were forced to eliminate every physical possession from your life with the exception of what could fit into a single backpack, what would you put in it?
When does silence convey more meaning than words?
What little-known fact about you would most surprise your friends?
How do you spend the majority of your free time?
Who do you think of first when you think of 'success?'
What did you want to be when you grew up?
How will today matter in five years from now?
How have you helped someone else recently?
What is your greatest skill?
Do you see to believe or believe to see?
How are you pursuing your dreams right now?
What's the next big step you need to take?
If today was the last day of your life, would you want to do what you are about to do today?
If today was the last day of your life, who would you call and what would you tell them?
Who do you dream about?
What do you have trouble seeing clearly in your mind?
What are you looking forward to?
What is the number one thing you want to accomplish before you die?
What is something you know you do differently than most people?
Is there something you need help with at this moment?
Is there someone I can connect you with?
What are you (un)secretly good at?
What talent do you wish you'd have?
What makes you feel most connected to others?
When is love a weakness?
What has been the most terrifying moment of your life thus far?
Who is the strongest person you know?
If you could take a single photograph of your life, what would it look like?
Is the reward worth the risk?
For you personally, what makes today worth living?
What have you done in the last year that makes you proud?
What did you learn recently that changed the way you live?
What is your fondest memory from the past three years?
What are the primary components of a happy life?
How would the world be different if you were never born?
What is your favorite song and why?
With the resources you have right now, what can you do to bring yourself closer to your goal?
What are your top three priorities?
Why do we idolize sports players?
What is the nicest thing someone has ever done for you?
What do you see when you look into the future?
What makes you angry? Why?
What is the most valuable life lesson you learned from your parents?
What does love feel like?
What are your favorite simple pleasures?
If you could go back in time and tell a younger version of yourself one thing, what would you tell?
What do you do to deliberately impress others?
What will you never do?
Excluding romantic relationships, who do you love?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What book has had the greatest influence on your life?
What three questions do you wish you knew the answers to?
What makes a person beautiful?
What makes you proud?
When have you worked hard and loved every minute of it?
How short would your life have to be before you would start living differently today?
Is it better to have loved and lost or to have never loved at all?
What is the greatest peer pressure you've ever felt?
What's the biggest lie you once believed was true?
In your lifetime, what have you done that hurt someone else?
What's the best part of growing older?
What's been on your mind most lately?
What do you think is worth waiting for?
What chances do you wish you had taken?
Where else would you like to live? Why?
What motivates you to go to work each day?
What do you wish you had done differently?
What is your greatest strength and your greatest weakness?
When was the last time you lied? What did you lie about?
What made you smile this week?
What do you do with the majority of your money?
What motivates you to be your best?
When was the last time you lost your temper? About what?
What will you never give up on?
When you look into the past, what do you miss the most?
How would you describe the past year of your life in one sentence?
What makes you uncomfortable?
Who is one person that you admire? What qualities do you see that you wish you also had?
If you had to move 3000 miles away, what one thing would you miss the most?
What worries you about the future?
What one 'need' and one 'want' will you strive to achieve in the next twelve months?
What life lessons did you have to experience firsthand before you fully understood them?
Do you like the city or town you live in? Why or why not?
What's the best part of being you?
When you look back over the past month, what single moment stands out?
What do you do to relieve stress?
What is your happiest memory?
What is your saddest memory?
What would you like to change?
How many people do you love?
What's the best decision you've ever made?
What's your favorite true story that you enjoy sharing with others?
What is the most bizarre thing that has ever happened to you?
Right now, at this moment, what do you want most?
What are you waiting for? How are you writing your life's story?
What makes love last?
What good comes from suffering?
What's the most important lesson you've learned in the last year?
Based on you current daily actions and routines, where would you expect to be in five years?
What was your last major accomplishment?
Through all of life's twists and turns, who has been there for you?
What or who has been distracting you?
What are you looking forward to in the upcoming week?
Who is your mentor and what have you learned from them?
What are you uncertain about?
What do you think about when you lie awake in bed?
What's something most people don't know about you?
When you have a random hour of free time, what do you usually do?
If they put a statue of you on the town square, what caption would they include to describe you?
What makes you weird?
If you could relive yesterday what would you do differently?
What do you do over and over again that you hate doing?
Would you rather your child be less attractive and extremely intelligent or extremely attractive and less intelligent?
What white lies do you often tell?
What is the biggest change you have made in your life in the last year?
What do you understand today about your life that you did not understand a year ago?
Whose life have you had the greatest impact on?
What did life teach you yesterday? …last month? …last year?
Who impresses you?
What have you done that you are not proud of?
When should you reveal a secret that you promised you wouldn't reveal?
How would you spend your ideal day?
What is the one primary quality you look for in a significant other?
What do you admire most about your mother and father?
What is the best advice you have ever received?
If you could live forever, would you want to? Why?
If you had to be someone else for one day, who would you be and why?
What positive changes have you made in your life recently?
Who makes you feel good about yourself?
Which one of your responsibilities do you wish you could get rid of?
What's something you don't like to do that you are still really good at?
What type of person angers you the most?
What is missing in your life?
What is your most striking physical attribute?
What has fear of failure stopped you from doing?
Who would you like to please the most?
If you could go back in time and change things, what would you change about the week that just passed?
When you meet someone for the very first time, what do you want them to think about you?
Who would you like to forgive?
At what point during the last five years have you felt lost and alone?
What is one opportunity you believe you missed out on when you were younger?
What do you want more of in your life?
What do you want less of in your life?
Who depends on you?
Who has had the greatest impact on your life?
Are you happy with where you are in your life? Why?
In one year from today, how do you think your life will be different?
How have you sabotaged yourself in the past five years?
Other than money, what else have you gained from your current job?
Whom do you secretly envy? Why?
In twenty years, what do you want to remember?
What are you most excited about in your life right now – today?
What experience from this past year do you appreciate the most?
What is the most enjoyable thing your family has done together in the last three years?
How many hours of television do you watch in a week? A month? A year?
What is the biggest obstacle that stands in your way right now?
What do you sometimes pretend you understand that you really don't?
What do you like most about your job? What do you dislike most about your job?
What's something new you recently learned about yourself?
In one sentence, how would you describe your relationship with your mother?
What was the most defining moment in your life during this past year?
What's the number one change you need to make in your life in the next twelve months?
What makes you feel secure?
What is your favorite sound?
What are the top three qualities you look for in a friend?
What simple gesture have you recently witnessed that renewed your hope in humanity?
What is your favorite smell?
What recent memory makes you smile the most?
In one word, how would you describe your childhood?
What celebrities do you admire? Why?
What is the number one motivator in your life right now?
What music do you listen to to lift your spirits when you're feeling down?
If I gave you $1000 and told you that you had to spend it today, what would you buy?
What was the last thing that made you laugh out loud?
Who was the last person you said "I love you" to?
What is your biggest phobia?
What are some recent compliments you've received?
How many friends do you have in real life that you talk to regularly?
How much money per month is enough for you to live comfortably?
When was your first impression of someone totally wrong?
How many hours a week do you spend online?
What do you love to do?
What specific character trait do you want to be known for?
Are you more like your mom or your dad? In what way?
What is the number one quality that makes someone a good leader?
What bad habits do you want to break?
What is your favorite place on Earth?
What do you love to practice?
What questions do you often ask yourself?
What are you an expert at?
What are the three events or experiences that have had the most impact on who you are today?
How would an extra $1000 a month change your life?
What things in life should always be free?
What is your favorite time of the year?
What is something you have always wanted since you were a kid?
What is the most recent dream you remember having while sleeping?
What confuses you?
In what way are you your own worst enemy?
When did you not speak up when you should have?
What is your favorite quote?
What is your favorite fictional story? (novel, movie, fairytale, etc.)
Where or who do you turn to when you need good advice?
What artistic medium do you use to express yourself?
Who or what is the greatest enemy of mankind?
What's something you wish you had done earlier in life?
What is the closest you have ever come to fearing for your life?
How do you deal with isolation and loneliness?
What do you know well enough to teach to others?
What's a quick decision you once made that changed your life?
What have you lost interest in recently?
What makes life easier?
What was the last thing you furiously argued about with someone?
What job would you never do no matter how much it paid?
What is the number one solution to healing the world?
What could society do without?
What stresses you out?
Now that it's behind you, what did you do last week (or last month) that was memorable?
Where do you spend most of your time while you're awake?
What makes someone a hero?
When in your life have you been a victim of stereotyping?
When was the last time you felt lucky?
When did you first realize that life is short?
What is the most insensitive thing a person can do?
What can someone do to grab your attention?
What do you usually think about on your drive home from work?
What's one downside of the modern-day world?
What simple fact do you wish more people understood?
If you could do it all over again, would you change anything?
How would you describe your future in three words?
What activities bring you the most joy?
What's on your bucket list?
If money didn't matter, what would you do for work?
What's the best vacation you ever went on?
Who are you closest with in your family?
What's something that scares you in life?
What's a cause that you're passionate about?
What's your favorite childhood memory?
What's something challenging that you've overcome this year?
What book has impacted you the most?
What was the last movie that made you cry?
Do you prefer the city or the country?
What are you most looking forward to in the next year?
If you could travel anywhere, where would you go?
What was your best purchase this year under $100?
What does friendship mean to you?
Where do you need support in your life right now?
What's the best gift you've ever received?
What's the best gift you've ever given?
What are you most proud of in your life?
What's the biggest challenge you've faced in the last year?
What do you consider your biggest strength?
What's your most embarrassing moment?
How do you like to be comforted when you're sad?
What's something you've learned about yourself this year?
If you could change something about yourself, what would it be?
Are you happy with your career right now?
If Jesus asked you, "Who do you say that I am?", how would you answer?
If you could, would you go back in time and change anything? If so, what?
What's something you've done that was scary, but you persevered?
What would you like people to say at your funeral?
What would you do if you were told you had six months to live?
What do you consider your biggest failure and what did you learn from it?
If we planned a vacation together, where would you want to go and what would we do?
How can I be an even better friend to you?
What's the biggest lie you ever told?
Have you ever given up on a dream?
What's the best advice you ever received? How about the worst?
What's something I don't know about you?
How do you feel about growing older?
What would you be willing to give up or sacrifice to achieve your dreams?
How has your relationship with your parents changed over the years?
Is there a question you want to ask me but haven't because you're afraid of the answer?
What's your happiest moment?
How will you know you've led a meaningful life?
What would you do this month if you didn't have anyone around to take care of or take into account?
Suppose you have six months without the usual obligations (such as work, family responsibilities, and social activities). How would you spend this time?
What have you not yet achieved this year? What would you like to achieve?
What three things give you the most energy?
What keeps you awake at night?
What are your two best qualities?
What's the best compliment you've ever gotten?
If you could go back and give one piece of advice to yourself at your high=school graduation, what would that be?
What do you consider the best decision of your life?
Who or what surprised you the most over the last year?
Who or what inspires you?
What is your biggest wish for the coming year?
What are you most thankful for?
In which area(s) do you want to grow?
When you look back next year at the photos you've taken, what do you want to see?
How will you indulge yourself in the coming year?
What do you think is the most fun thing we did together recently?
When were we at our best as a couple lately and when were we least like a team?
When have you laughed loudest lately?
What recent events have you learned a lot from?
What joint activity would you like to undertake with me in the coming days?
What outfit would you like me to put on again soon and what outfit would you like to (finally) go in the garbage can?
Imagine you are going to save money for the next six months. What would this be for and how could you do it?
What's something I could do to make your day a little more fun tomorrow?
Imagine that you're elderly and looking back on your life. What do you want to have meant in your loved one's life and are you on the right track?
What will you do soon that you'll remember with a smile in your old age?
What healthy habit would you like to begin in the days ahead?
What have you been doing well lately in our relationship and what could you have done better?
Imagine you could trade one of my traits for one of yours. What good quality of your own would you give to me and what good quality of mine would you like to have?
What are you grateful for that I've done for you lately?
What recent achievement of mine are you proud of?
What do you see as the first step to accomplishing your goal?
What might you do to take you closer after that?
Can you think of some alternatives? Is there another way?
Who might you ask for help? Who else?
In the past, what has worked for you? What did you learn from that?
Tell me what you think would happen if you tried doing that?
What are the pros and cons of this option?
Which possible pathway do you feel prepared to go down?
What would you do if time/money/resources weren't an issue?
How will you measure your progress using this option?
What matters the most to you in your professional life? What do you believe passionately in?
What skills, talents, or competencies do you have that you are most proud of? Which make you the happiest? Which make you feel accomplished?
What would you love to be able to list on your ideal resume? How about if there were no barriers or boundaries?
Describe the last time you felt driven and motivated by your role (current or past). What were you doing? Who was around? Where were you?
When trying to learn a skill you're passionate about, what are some barriers you've faced? How did you overcome these? Which did you need help with?
What do you feel is preventing you from learning the knowledge you're after? Have you asked anyone else for help? If so, what happened?
What is one step you could take to get you closer to that career goal? What kind of development or opportunities might you need to make that step? What opportunities can you create by yourself?
What can you practically achieve between now and next week/month/quarter to take you closer to your goal?
How would you go about achieving your career goal if you had unlimited resources? What is already possible right now?
What are you going to do differently beginning tomorrow?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?
What could constitute a "perfect" day for you?
When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?
If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
Name three things you and your partner appear to have in common.
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
Take four minutes and tell your partner your life story in as much detail as possible.
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?

If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future, or anything else, what would you want to know?
Is there something that you've dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven't you done it?
What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is your most terrible memory?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?
What does friendship mean to you?
What roles do love and affection play in your life?
How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people's?
How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?
What’s your favorite place on earth?
What’s one place you’ve visited that you never want to return to?
What’s the best show on TV right now?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the worst movie you ever saw?
What’s the best thing you’ve read in the last five years?
If you could only bring three things with you on a deserted island, what would you pick?
What’s your biggest pet peeve?
What is your favorite movie of all time?
What is the best concert you have ever been to?
What’s the worst date you’ve ever been on?
Would you rather be hot or cold?
What’s your favorite karaoke song?
What was the best meal you ever ate?
What’s your least favorite genre of music?
What is on your bucket list?
What are you most thankful for?
What are you most afraid of?
What do you feel most passionate about?
How do you like to spend your free time?
What would your perfect day be like?
What goal do you want to accomplish in the next few years?
Do you think our dreams have hidden meanings?
Do you live by any words of wisdom?
If you had unlimited money to start your own business, what would it be?
What’s a skill you’ve always wanted to learn and why?
How do you define success and how has that definition changed over the years?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to try but haven’t had the chance to yet?
What is your favorite urban legend that you believe is true?
What was the best decade for music?
Is it ever OK to lie?
Who’s the most overrated celebrity?
What’s the worst seat on a plane?
What’s the most annoying thing people do in public?
Are you a dog person or a cat person and why?
Were Ross and Rachel from Friends really on a break?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would you choose and why?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be and what would you want to discuss?
Who is the most important person in your life and why?
Do you have a mentor?
Have you ever broken up with a friend, and why?
How many close friends is ideal?
Do you believe in soulmates?
What’s your favorite family tradition?
Do you wish you had more siblings? If so, why?
How do you show your family you love them?
Do you ever wish you were raised differently?
Would you rather go back in time to meet your ancestors, or travel into the future to meet your descendants?
What can always bring your family together?
How did your parents (and/or grandparents) meet?
How do you deal with arguments between family members or friends?
What activities did you love to do with your family growing up?
What is the best compliment that you’ve ever received?
What is something people would never guess just by looking at you?
What makes you laugh the most?
What’s your favorite thing about yourself?
What did teachers use to say about you on your report card—and is it still true?
Have you ever failed at something? What did you do after that?
What word would friends of yours use to describe you? Do you agree or disagree?
What is your favorite way to express yourself?
What can always make you feel better after a bad day?
Do you consider yourself competitive?
How do you typically handle stress or difficult situations?
What is a pivotal moment in your life that changed who you are today?
What’s the most meaningful gift you’ve ever received, and why did it impact you?
What’s the most exciting part of your job?
What’s your ideal work-life balance?
What’s the best piece of career advice you ever received?
What was something you thought was a career setback that turned out to be an opportunity?
What are the most important qualities of a leader?
What was your first job?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
Is this the career you saw yourself doing as a child?
How important is a career to you?
What do you think your purpose is?
Do you believe in second chances?
What’s your strictest boundary in relationships?
Would you prefer a job you hate with a high salary or a job you love with a low salary?
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
Do you believe in any higher power? An afterlife?
What is your love language?
What are you most proud of yourself for?
Do you read/watch the news? What topics do you pay the most attention to in the news?
How is your culture/background important to you?
Have you ever cheated on anything/anyone?
What do you think makes someone a “good person”?
What makes you feel at peace?
What’s the first thing you look for in a partner or friend?
Do you believe in astrology? Why or why not?
What’s a cause or issue you feel strongly about, and why is it important to you?
What do you think is the most important quality of a friend?
Would you rather drive or be the passenger in a car?
If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
What superpower would you want to have?
If you had to live in a different city/state/country, where would you want to live?
Are you a planner or do you go with the flow?
What’s your game plan in a zombie apocalypse?
How many hours do you get to the airport before a flight?
Do you believe in any conspiracy theories (no judgment)?